Permissions-Policy-Report-Only and Reporting API updates (#43853)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/http/reference/headers/permissions-policy/index.md

## Syntax

```http
# Single directive
Permissions-Policy: <directive>=<allowlist>

# Single directive with reporting endpoint
Permissions-Policy: <directive>=<allowlist>;report-to=<endpoint>

# Multiple directives, with and without server reporting endpoints
Permissions-Policy: <directive>=<allowlist>, <directive>=<allowlist>;report-to=<endpoint>, ...
```

> The header can be used to set the allowlists for one or more directives, and optionally a per-directive `report-to` parameter indicating the server endpoint for reporting violations of the policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The header can be used to set the allowlists for one or more directives, and optionally a per-directive `report-to` parameter indicating the server endpoint to send policy violation reports to.
```
